[13.0][MIG] website_odoo_debranding (#676)
OCA/website: website_odoo_debranding/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module remove Odoo branding on website:

> * Remove "Create a free website with Odoo" from footer

Reviewer: Should be:

```suggestion
* Remove "Powered by Odoo - Create a free website" from footer
```

Author: Done! :+1:
